Update description of FP-related compiler options. (#42)
loongson/LoongArch-Documentation: docs/LoongArch-toolchain-conventions-EN.adoc

|Possible values
|Description

|-msoft-float
|
|Prevent the compiler from generating hardware floating-point instructions,
and adjust the selected base ABI type to use soft-float calling convention.
(The adjusted base ABI identifier should have suffix `s`.)

|-msingle-float
|
|Allow generating 32-bit floating-point instructions,
and adjust the selected base ABI type to use 32-bit FP calling convention.
(The adjusted base ABI identifier should have suffix `f`.)

|-mdouble-float
|
|Allow generating 32- and 64-bit floating-point instructions.
and adjust the selected base ABI type to use 64-bit FP calling convention.
(The adjusted base ABI identifier should have suffix `d`.)

|-mfpu=
|`64` `32` `none` (equivalent to `0`)
|Selects the allowed set of basic floating-point instructions and registers.

> Do not change the FP calling convention unless it's necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Does not change the FP calling convention unless necessary.
```

另外可能要解释下编译器啥时候会认为“必要”

Author: 下文其实提到了，举了一个例子。我把链接加进去。

Reviewer: 🉑

|Possible values
|Description

|-msoft-float
|
|Prevent the compiler from generating hardware floating-point instructions,
and adjust the selected base ABI type to use soft-float calling convention.
(The adjusted base ABI identifier should have suffix `s`.)

|-msingle-float
|
|Allow generating 32-bit floating-point instructions,
and adjust the selected base ABI type to use 32-bit FP calling convention.
(The adjusted base ABI identifier should have suffix `f`.)

|-mdouble-float
|
|Allow generating 32- and 64-bit floating-point instructions.
and adjust the selected base ABI type to use 64-bit FP calling convention.
(The adjusted base ABI identifier should have suffix `d`.)

|-mfpu=
|`64` `32` `none` (equivalent to `0`)
|Selects the allowed set of basic floating-point instructions and registers.
This option should not change the FP calling convention unless it's <<abi-fallback,necessary>>.
(The implementation of this option is not mandatory. It is recommended to use
`-m*-float` options in software projects and scripts.)
|===

> As a general rule, the resulting effect of all loongarch-specific compiler options

Reviewer: 这个地方跟汉语版本不一致

```suggestion
For one compiler invocation, the resulting effect of all LoongArch-specific compiler options
```

似乎是这么写？

Author: OK.

Reviewer: `for one given` 想起来应该这么表达

should be as if they are processed in the order they appear on the command line.
The only exception to this rule is `-m*-float`: their adjustments to the
floating-point instruction set and calling convention should not be affected

> by any option other than another `-m*-float` that appears later on the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by any option other than another `-m*-float` coming later.
```
